Update product-technical-writing-team-handbook.md (#363)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: operations/research-and-development/product/product-technical-writing-team-handbook.md

## Technical Writing Handbook

> The Mattermost Technical Writers focus primarily on Technical Documentation (including the User's Guide, Administrator's Guide, and Developer documentation) and on Customer Education content.

Author: ```suggestion
The Mattermost Technical Writers focus primarily on writing, editing, and maintaining technical documentation (including the User's Guide, Administrator's Guide, and Developer documentation).
```

  * Writing MVP documentation
* Community and doc review process
  * Process for Doc Up plugin
  * Docs review and coordination with @amy.blais
  * Community Help Wanted doc issues
  * Documentation Handbook and Style Guide maintenance

> The following areas remain a collaborative effort between Product Managers, Engineers, and Technical Writers, until additional headcount is reached. Please reach out to the [Documentation Working Group](https://community.mattermost.com/private-core/channels/dwg-documentation-working-group) for any questions.

Author: ```suggestion
The following areas remain a collaborative effort between Product Managers, Engineers, and Technical Writers until additional headcount is reached. Please reach out to the [Documentation Working Group](https://community.mattermost.com/private-core/channels/dwg-documentation-working-group) for any questions.
```

Feature documentation is a joint effort between Product Managers and Technical Writers. In the same way that we want to empower everyone to contribute to our documentation, Product Managers are encouraged to write MVP documentation for their product/feature.

> **Note:** Due to the cadence of the release cycle, feature documentation needs to be complete and submitted as per the process below at least ten days prior to release to ensure it's included in the documentation update.

Author: ```suggestion
**Note:** Due to the cadence of the release cycle, feature documentation needs to be complete and submitted as per the process below at least ten days prior to release to ensure it's included in the release documentation update.
```

### Editing Requests

> When submitting a PR for documentation, please add the **Editor Review** label. Once the Technical Writer/Editor has signed off on the PR they will remove the label. When all the requested reviews are complete, the **Reviews Complete** label will be applied and the changes merged.

Author: ```suggestion
When submitting a PR for documentation, whether it's a minor update, a new piece of content, or a content proposal, please add the **Editor Review** label. Once the Technical Writer/Editor has reviewed the PR they'll remove the label. When all the requested reviews are complete, the **Reviews Complete** label is applied and the changes are merged.
```

The [Documentation Style Guide](https://docs.mattermost.com/guides/core.html#documentation-style-guide) and [UI text guidelines](https://docs.mattermost.com/process/documentation-UItext-guidelines.html).

> ## Customer Education Processes

Reviewer: @justinegeffen Wondering if we do want to delete this section.  It still seems fairly relevant and I don't want to lose it.

Author: I'm happy to keep it. I wasn't sure whether customer education would remain as-is or reworked into something like "Customer Support Processes". 0/5 on renaming. 

Wondering if we could expand on it and incorporate some of the ideas around where and how we manage different types of knowledge as per our discussion.

Author: I've added the section back into the doc, @wiersgallak. :)

Reviewer: Thanks - It could be Customer Support Processes, but I am 0/5 as well.  I like it as it is.  I'll approve this PR with changes as it is, but agree we could add the other channels of how we get information on new areas we need to build content for.

Author: I'm 5/5 on that idea - we can include the #roughdraft and docs process, and forum posts etc. I'll open a new PR for that.
